today is yoga's bank holiday monday and
you know what we do today we go to the
annual agricultural show day yeah this
is basically farm machinery and farm
animals on display for today but you
also have competitions for the best food
best sheep less cow so much you selling
out of it as a carrot of trying to
reverse come are you guys those tractors
in here okay Pig it's nice okay come
over here Oh Hannah and your lovely no
could raise digging up the grass alarms
I'm often the pigs are got ugly ass wash
we make farmers out of the es is
necessary because it shows which is your
favorite he's brushing his hair day
spike here
hope you start a Mosin give me kiss I
can feel your price below I'm afraid
Citadel jump to it what do you want what
you want this is super heroes spider-man
Batman oh hi I don't think he'd like to
the space painted because he wouldn't
know how to do and he keeps up crying
and look he's dressed like a tiny girl
Nina boxing club tell you good people
are gonna be so scared of the Soviet in
London this endeavor
gonna put the burger in that ocean
Wow
22 and to thank you it's the kind of a
cross between the tiger and a peek oh my
god it's hideous when we're finished in
the show today we're gonna have our
dinner now yeah to dance to the ymca
that good man oh my god it's really
obvious face I ever seen yourself that's
a very fun before so she uses yeah
bananas because you're not enough of
lunch so I want you to turn on your face
the Italian says are you a tiger right
the pussycat did you see yourself in the
mirror did you you look pretty good
maybe black no I fire extinguisher fun
it's it says that runs our last case you
get to is in there to get something over
here over that corner I'm afraid I'm
gonna be midway midway in case there's a
fire over the fire is Tiger tight be a
good tiger then eat your feet to fruit
tiger eat your food yeah go to deny
usually her toxic recover done
that's right there cool the girly put
the drawing under French put on the
pains in your face as you go yeah right
somebody where you are you trying to
scratch somebody up daily gonna stop
stick get the stick then demand certain
lives in the Attic look look at his eyes
see him look what up you oh you're very
brave person you're very brave oh no
he's uh gone unlike quick huh why do you
like it up yet that's ventilation and
show that down but don't fall down
yourself yeah short down yeah good man
you throw it out that's a big
ventilation pipe let's go on up to the
kitchen and then it goes outdoors he's a
monster look at him well he's scary
monster monster turned off twice